Update README (#18)
husarion/kortex_joystick_demo: README.md

      up
   ```

> 5. Use Logitech gamepad to control either Panther or Kinova Manipulator ([Instruction](#controlling-kinova-manipulator-and-mobile-robot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Use Logitech gamepad to control either Panther or Kinova Manipulator ([Instruction](#controlling-kinova-manipulator-and-mobile-robot)).
```

#### Running on custom computer with gamepad

> **Note:**

> > Gamepad docker is launched by default on the Pnahter robot. To use it directly from your PC you have to disable it on the robot first. See [Disable Gamepad on the Panther robot](#disable-gamepad-on-the-panther-robot) section for instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Gamepad docker is launched by default on the Panhter robot. To use it directly from your PC, you have to disable it on the robot first. See [Disable Gamepad on the Panther robot](#disable-gamepad-on-the-panther-robot) section for instructions.
```
